c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData.dll.config
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData.pdb
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.Platform.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.PowerBI.Api.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Clients.ActiveDirectory.Platform.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\obj\Debug\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\obj\Debug\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\obj\Debug\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\obj\Debug\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData.dll
c:\users\mlenart\source\repos\IOC\PowerBI\PowerBI-Developer-Samples-master\App Owns Data\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData\obj\Debug\PowerBIEmbedded_AppOwnsData.pdb
